NewWebsite.md, before:

# New website
## Main page / landing page
### Top bar
Top left Icon avoid just an icon (like Twitter and Facebook have) and put the name and surname.  
Top right bar links to:
- Portfolio
- Projects
- Contacts

## Top image
Picture full size
- Name
- Full-Stack Developer


![Sample picture of the website](https://i.imgur.com/xKTVMUx.png)

## Middle: about me
```
A few things about me... | Summary | About me

Higly motivated Full-Stack Developer creating intuitive and sleek web experiences with clean code. Slef driven and always learning.
```

Text:
Don't write about 
"making projects from cratch"

## Middle: projects
![Projects sample](https://i.imgur.com/QfrJFsB.png)

or

![Projects sample](https://i.imgur.com/VxTvhgn.png)


## Footer
Title: Get in touch
- Address: Venice, Italy
- E-mail: 
- Linkedin: Marco Di Francesco (with link)

![Footer sample](https://i.imgur.com/5Xni3c7.png)

## Things to do/avoid
Avoid killset (with proficency levels, like bars).

Add website page for a specific project just in case there isn't a specific page dedicated to it, so if I make a website and it has its own page, don't make another page just to explain it.

Avoid to add social links to Facebook, Instagram and keep serpated the website and linkedin.

Add papers (articles) just if they are related to software development.

Avoid to show resume in the first page, so add before projects and in another page resume.

Main links to add:
- Github
- Linkedin
- Resume

Links to avoid:
- Instagram
- Facebook
- Stack overflow (it isn't useful to know the problems I have while programming)

Don't put location in the description, just in the bottom.



# Projects page (if it exists)
Split page in two. In the left part put picture and in the right part the text.

# Resume
Add in the top clickable link to Linkedin and Github.
Add experience.
Add projects (the best 3).
Don't put dates on education (like school and university), just write I've graduated.
Don't write the word internship, just what I've done there.

# Redirecs
Set up social redirects

Commit message:

Cover letter information add in new website

NewWebsite.md, after:

# New website
## Main page / landing page
### Top bar
Top left Icon avoid just an icon (like Twitter and Facebook have) and put the name and surname.  
Top right bar links to:
- Portfolio
- Projects
- Contacts

## Top image
Picture full size
- Name
- Full-Stack Developer


![Sample picture of the website](https://i.imgur.com/xKTVMUx.png)

## Middle: about me
```
A few things about me... | Summary | About me

Higly motivated Full-Stack Developer creating intuitive and sleek web experiences with clean code. Slef driven and always learning.
```

Text:
Don't write about 
"making projects from cratch"

## Middle: projects
![Projects sample](https://i.imgur.com/QfrJFsB.png)

or

![Projects sample](https://i.imgur.com/VxTvhgn.png)


## Footer
Title: Get in touch
- Address: Venice, Italy
- E-mail: 
- Linkedin: Marco Di Francesco (with link)

![Footer sample](https://i.imgur.com/5Xni3c7.png)

## Things to do/avoid
Avoid killset (with proficency levels, like bars).

Add website page for a specific project just in case there isn't a specific page dedicated to it, so if I make a website and it has its own page, don't make another page just to explain it.

Avoid to add social links to Facebook, Instagram and keep serpated the website and linkedin.

Add papers (articles) just if they are related to software development.

Avoid to show resume in the first page, so add before projects and in another page resume.

Main links to add:
- Github
- Linkedin
- Resume

Links to avoid:
- Instagram
- Facebook
- Stack overflow (it isn't useful to know the problems I have while programming)

Don't put location in the description, just in the bottom.



# Projects page (if it exists)
Split page in two. In the left part put picture and in the right part the text.

# Resume
Add in the top clickable link to Linkedin and Github.
Add experience.
Add projects (the best 3).
Don't put dates on education (like school and university), just write I've graduated.
Don't write the word internship, just what I've done there.

## Cober letter
If I'm applying for a job that requires some years of experience I can write: if this job si not the perfect fit for me, I'm open and flexible to any other position you may think better fits my skill set.

Jobs is better to apply:
- Unpayed internship
- Payed internship
- Entry-level developer
- Junior developer
- Any other thing with "Software"

# Redirecs
Set up social redirects
